# Code for Nepal - Silicon Valley Meetup #5

## Event

|   event       | [fb link](https://www.facebook.com/events/348980295565467/)|
| :------------ |:-------------------------------------------- |
| Schedule      | Nov 21, 2017 Wednesday at 07.00 PM to 08.30 PM  |
| Venue         | 3905 Bohannon Dr, Menlo Park, CA 94025 |

## Agenda

* Formal guidelines for the chapter.
* Finalize roles & responsibilities.
* Code for Nepal's involvement as a mentoring organization in Google's Summer of Code program.
* Other projects.

## Attendees

* Paurakh
* Shreyasha
* Prasanna
* Prasoon
* Prashish
* Pragya
* Sushant
* Aishraj

## Meeting Minutes

* Venue changed to Los Gallos Taqueria, Redwood City for dinner and discussion.
* **Prashish** kicked off the meeting by proposing mission of the chapter & the goals for the upcoming months.
* Mission decided: Use technology & open data to increase digital literacy. (roughly)
* Goals: Fundraising, Mentorship, Open source project contribution, Community building.
* **Paurakh** proposed to make the projects & discussion spublicly available.
* **Shreyasha** proposed to set of responsibilities for individuals & intrinsic structure for the chapter. Also to have core leadership team.
* Positions: **Lead, Financial officer, Information officer and project leads**. We will adapt to new roles & responsibilities with time. 
* **Prashish (Lead)**: Set up agendas for meetings, make sure projects are aligned to the mission & vision & bring the group together.
* **Prarthana (Financial Officer)**: Manage Budget, work on making meetings sustainable.
* **Sushant & Paurakh (Information Officer)**: Communicate events with volunteers, project leads; Public relationship ideas.
* **Aishraj (GSoC Project lead)**: Aishraj will draft the first copy of the proposal & the idea page. Everyone else will bring in few project ideas in the next meetup. **Sushant & Shreyasha** will support him in this project.
* **Prasanna (Devnagarik transliterate Project lead)**: Prasanna will work on getting the next release of the mobile app. For the next meetup, he will fix the dictionary issue in the app, provide apk to others for testing, setup Gitlab/wiki page & work with **Pragya** on OCR/cataloging.
* **Paurakh (Podcast Project lead)**: Paurakh will figure out logistics & ideas for a podcast series.


**Next meetup date:**  05th Dec, 2017


